# This is a stand-alone GUI .NET application in WPF technology for browsing and booking individual fitness center training sessions. The application has the following entities: </br> Address – code, street, number, city, state </br> Fitness center – code, center name, and address </br> Registered user - first name, last name, JMBG (Unique Citizens Identity Number), gender, address, email, password, type of registered user (registered users can be administrators, instructors and trainees). </br> Instructor - registered user, list of training sessions (view reserved/available) </br> Trainee - registered user, list of reserved training sessions </br> Training session - code (unique), date of the training session, start time of the training session, duration of the training session (in minutes), training session status (available, reserved), instructor to whom the training is scheduled, and trainee who booked the training. Note: each instructor has their list of possible training sessions, and a training session exists even if it's in the available status. </br> All codes in the system are unique. The application can be used by both registered and unregistered users. Registered users include administrators, instructors, and trainees. Data persistence is implemented using a relational database. The application supports the following functionalities: </br> - unregistered users can view basic information about the fitness center and its instructors. They cannot book training sessions. </br> - unregistered users (trainees) can register to the system. During registration, they enter first name, last name, JMBG (Unique Citizens Identity Number), gender, address, email, password. A new user automatically gets an empty list of training sessions (the list shows all the training sessions that the trainee has reserved). </br> - registered users can log in and log out of the system. When logging in, the user enters his JMBG (Unique Citizens Identity Number) and the password he used during registration. </br> - all registered users can view their personal data and update them. </br> - administrators have the ability to view all entities. They can add, edit, and logically delete (inactive data is no longer displayed, but it can't be deleted or edited) all data. They can delete training sessions whether they are reserved or available. Only administrators can register new instructors. </br> - instructors can view their training sessions (available and reserved) for a selected date and view the trainees who have booked a training session with them. Instructors can create and delete their available training sessions. There is a limitation when deleting sessions: an instructor cannot delete a training session if it's reserved. </br> - trainees can view the list of available/reserved training sessions for a selected instructor. They can graphically see all training sessions (reserved/available) for a selected instructor. Trainees can reserve an available training session and cancel their previously reserved training sessions. </br> - search functionality allows users to search for the following entities: </br> - instructor - search by first name, last name, address, email address (available to both registered and unregistered system users) </br> - registered users - search by first name, last name, address, email address, or by type (available to administrators) </br> - during the search, sorting of entities is enabled by first name and last name in ascending or descending order.
